1) Specifies how and which elements in the metadata are updated with current 
properties of the data.

2) Some metadata elements should always be derived from the item's properties, 
such as its spatial reference. Some metadata elements can be initialized by 
the properties of the item, but would typically be updated by a person to 
better characterize the item before the metadata is shared, such the title of 
the item.

3) When a metadata element is created and its value is initialized by 
synchronization, the XML element in which the value is stored has a Sync 
attribute, and its value is set to True. Typically, a metadata element's value 
will only be synchronized when the Sync attribute is set to True. When the 
element's value is updated using the ArcGIS metadata editor, the Sync attribute
is removed. Alternatively, an application could change the attribute's value to
False to achieve the same result.

1) ACCESSED
	a) Properties are updated in the item's metadata for appropriate metadata
	   elements where the Sync attribute value is True. 
	b) The update will take place if at least the amount of time specified by 
	   the interval parameter has elapsed since the last time the item's 
	   metadata content was synchronized. 
	c) Metadata is created if it doesn't already exist.
	d) 193 lines, Sync="TRUE", 

2) ALWAYS
	a) Properties are updated in the item's metadata for appropriate metadata 
	   elements where the Sync attribute value is True. 
	b) Metadata content will be updated appropriately at the time the function 
	   is used; a time specified by the interval parameter is not used, if one 
	   has been provided.
	c) Metadata is created if it doesn't already exist.
	d) 193 lines

3) CREATED
	a) Metadata is created and properties are added to it only if metadata 
	   doesn't exist yet for the item.
	b) 16 lines
	   
4) NOT_CREATED
	a) Properties are updated in existing metadata only. 
	b) Appropriate element values are updated if its Sync attribute value is True.
	c) 193 lines

5) OVERWRITE
	a) All property values that can be synchronized are updated in the item's 
	   metadata, regardless of the value or presence of the Sync attribute on 
	   these metadata elements. 
	b) After this function is used, all metadata elements that have been 
	   updated will have a Sync attribute with the value True. 
		i) For example, after copying metadata from one item to another, use 
		   this option to initialize all properties in a manner that is 
		   appropriate for the item, including the title, which should be 
		   changed to match the new item's name instead of using a title that
		   describes the old item.
	c) Metadata content will be updated appropriately at the time the function 
	   is used; a time specified by the interval parameter is not used, if one 
	   has been provided. 
	d) Metadata is created if it doesn't already exist.
	e) 193 lines, has elements imsContentType and resTitle

6) SELECTIVE
	a) Generally the same as the OVERWRITE option. 
	b) However, the values of the Title and Content Type metadata elements are
       not updated. 
		i) For example, if you import a standard-format metadata document to 
		   the item that describes the item's data, the title in the imported 
		   document does apply to the item, and it will not be overwritten. 
	c) All other properties in the item's metadata will be initialized in a 
	   manner appropriate for the item.
	d) Metadata content will be updated appropriately at the time the function 
	   is used; a time specified by the interval parameter is not used, if one
	   has been provided. 
	e) Metadata is created if it doesn't already exist.
	d) 191 lines